[Autogenerated] I want to take a minute to recaps are
fundamental mongo D B concepts, and I want to oppose them.
Tow traditional relational database concepts.
For example.
In the relations at the base, we have tables date I stored in a tabular format.
Entities No, I represented by rows.
Each row in a table.
You neatly represents an entity.
Each entity has properties, and those properties are stored in columns.
And, of course, we have some special columns which are unique,
that we call primary keys, and they have a special name.
Everybody's used working with immigration databases,
so these concepts are pretty straightforward.
However, when we're dealing in no sequel and mongo fix change little bit,
we no longer have a tab Larry presentation off data.
In fact, human body be data is stored like this.
If you look closely at it, you'll not.
Is that it kind of resembles Jason and in fact, Mongo.
Bebe stores documents in a format called Binary Jason.
So let's put them side by side and see the difference in criminology.
We should have databases both in Mongo and in relational databases.
However, no sequel databases and mongo as well don't store information tables,
the store information in collections entities are not starting rose.
Instead, entities are stored in documents.
And, of course, that means don't have comes documents have feels.
We also have a special purpose field Know that which we can call I D,
which acts kind like a primary key.
So these concepts are kind of similar, So drink up.
Mongol databases can contain collections.
Collections can contain zero or more documents that
means can contain one or more fields.
And, of course, documents should have an i.
D field,
which is the primary Ki tae come a month and let these terms sinking because you lose them a lot in the upcoming modules.